I'm as a child, a lamb and a simpleton at once. All are born with me, yet few possess me at their moment of death. What am I?: innocence
What loses a head in the morning, but gets it back at night?: a pillow
I have no legs to dance on, no lungs to breathe. I have no life to live or die, yet do all three. What am I?: fire
I'm at the beginning of time and part of past, present and future. I'm part of history, but not of here and now. In a moment you'll find me, if you know what I am. What am I?: the letter t
I can bring tears to your eyes and a smile to your face. I form in an instant and last for a lifetime, but I can be forgotten. What am I?: a memory
What is harder to catch the faster you run?: your breath
Walk on the living they don't even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble. What are they?: leaves
What is it that you can keep after giving it to someone else?: your word
How many oranges grow on a tree?: all oranges
If I have it, I shouldn't share it, because if I share it, I won't have it. What is it?: a secret
Light brings me to life, but darkness kills me. What am I?: a shadow
I'm tall when I'm young and I'm short when I'm old. What am I?: a candle
Every night I'm told what to do and each morning I do what I'm told, yet never do I escape your scold. What am I?: an alarm clock
I give advice to others, yet I know nothing myself. I am a hitchhiker destined to stay still while others pass by me. What am I?: a road sign
I'm easy to get into, but hard to get out of. What am I?: trouble
What has to be broken before you can use it?: an egg
What month has 28 days?: all of them
What is full of holes but still holds water?: a sponge
What question can you never answer yes to?: are you asleep yet?
What is always in front of you but can never be seen?: the future
What goes up but never comes down?: your age
What gets wet while drying?: a towel
I shave everyday, but my beard stays the same. What am I?: a barber
I have branches, but no fruit, trunk or leaves. What am I?: a bank
What can't talk but will reply when spoken to?: an echo
The more of this there is, the less you see. What is it?: darkness
David's parents have three sons: Snap, Crackle, and what's the name of the third son?": david
I follow you all the time and copy your every move, but you can't touch or catch me. What am I?: your shadow
What has many keys but can't open a single lock?: a piano
What can you hold in your left hand but not your right?: your right elbow
What is black when it's clean and white when it's dirty?: a chalkboard
What gets bigger when more is taken away?: a hole
I'm light as a feather, yet the strongest person can't hold me for more than five minutes. What am I?: your breath
I'm found in socks, scarves and mittens; and often in the paws of playful kittens. What am I?: yarn
Where does today come before yesterday?: the dictionary
What invention lets you look right through a wall?: a window
What can't be put in a sauce pan?: the lid
What goes up and down but doesn't move?: stairs
It belongs to you, but other people use it more than you do. What is it?: your name
What has lots of eyes, but can't see?: a potato
What has one eye, but can't see?: a needle
What has many needles, but doesn't sew?: a christmas tree
What has hands but can't clap?: a clock
What has legs, but doesn't walk?: a table
What has one head, one foot, and four legs?: a bed
What can you catch, but not throw?: a cold
What kind of band never plays music?: a rubber band
What has many teeth, but can't bite?: a comb
What is cut on a table, but is never eaten?: a deck of cards
What has words, but never speaks?: a book
What runs all around a backyard, yet never moves?: a fence
What can travel all around the world without leaving its corner?: a stamp
What has a thumb and four fingers, but is not a hand?: a glove
What has a head and a tail but no body?: a coin
Where does one wall meet the other wall?: on the corner
What building has the most stories?: a library
What tastes better than it smells?: your tongue
What has 13 hearts, but no other organs?: a deck of cards
It stalks the countryside with ears that can't hear. What is it?: corn
What kind of coat is best put on wet?: a coat of paint
What has a bottom at the top?: legs
What has four wheels and flies?: a garbage truck
I am an odd number. Take away a letter and I become even. What number am I?: seven
If two's company, and three's a crowd, what are four and five?: nine
What three numbers, none of which is zero, give the same result whether they're added or multiplied? : one, two and three
A little girl goes to the store and buys one dozen eggs. As she is going home, all but three break. How many eggs are left unbroken?: three
What five-letter word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it?: shorter
What begins with an “e” and only contains one letter?: an envelope
A word I know, six letters it contains, remove one letter and 12 remains. What is it?: dozens
What would you find in the middle of Toronto?: the letter o
You see me once in June, twice in November and not at all in May. What am I?: the letter e
Two in a corner, one in a room, zero in a house, but one in a shelter. What is it?: the letter r
What is 3/7 chicken, 2/3 cat and 2/4 goat?: chicago
I am a word of letters three; add two and fewer there will be. What word am I?": 'few'
What word of five letters has one left when two are removed?": 'stone'
What is the end of everything?: the letter g
What word is pronounced the same if you take away four of its five letters?: queue
What is so fragile that saying its name breaks it?: silence
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?: a river
What can fill a room but takes up no space?: light
If you drop me I'm sure to crack, but give me a smile and I'll always smile back. What am I?: a mirror
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What are they?: footsteps
I turn once, what is out will not get in. I turn again, what is in will not get out. What am I?": 'a key'
People make me, save me, change me, raise me. What am I?: money
What breaks yet never falls, and what falls yet never breaks?: day and night
What goes through cities and fields, but never moves?: a road
I am always hungry and will die if not fed, but whatever I touch will soon turn red. What am I?: fire
The person who makes it has no need of it; the person who buys it has no use for it. The person who uses it can neither see nor feel it. What is it?: a coffin
With pointed fangs I sit and wait; with piercing force I crunch out fate; grabbing victims, proclaiming might; physically joining with a single bite. What am I?: a staple
I have lakes with no water, mountains with no stone and cities with no buildings. What am I?: a map